README.md, before:

# hotelpricemonitormain3

*Automatically synced with your [v0.app](https://v0.app) deployments*

[![Deployed on Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/Deployed%20on-Vercel-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=vercel)](https://vercel.com/guyofiror/v0-hotelpricemonitormain3-yx)
[![Built with v0](https://img.shields.io/badge/Built%20with-v0.app-black?style=for-the-badge)](https://v0.app/chat/UurNYsnzDWP)

## Overview

This repository will stay in sync with your deployed chats on [v0.app](https://v0.app).
Any changes you make to your deployed app will be automatically pushed to this repository from [v0.app](https://v0.app).

## Deployment

Your project is live at:

**[https://vercel.com/guyofiror/v0-hotelpricemonitormain3-yx](https://vercel.com/guyofiror/v0-hotelpricemonitormain3-yx)**

## Build your app

Continue building your app on:

**[https://v0.app/chat/UurNYsnzDWP](https://v0.app/chat/UurNYsnzDWP)**

## How It Works

1. Create and modify your project using [v0.app](https://v0.app)
2. Deploy your chats from the v0 interface
3. Changes are automatically pushed to this repository
4. Vercel deploys the latest version from this repository

## Configuration

### Booking.com Scraper Setup

This project uses Bright Data for scraping hotel prices from Booking.com. To set it up:

1. See **[BRIGHT_DATA_SETUP.md](./BRIGHT_DATA_SETUP.md)** for detailed setup instructions
2. Configure environment variables in Vercel:
   - `BRIGHT_DATA_USERNAME` - Your Bright Data username (format: `brd-customer-<id>-zone-scraping_browser`)
   - `BRIGHT_DATA_PASSWORD` - Your Bright Data password
   - `TAVILY_API_KEY` - Your Tavily API key for search

**Important**: Make sure your zone name is `scraping_browser` without any number suffix!

Commit message:

fix: disable Puppeteer on Vercel and improve Tavily scraping
BREAKING CHANGE: Puppeteer cannot run on Vercel Serverless Functions

- Disable Puppeteer method (commented out) - doesn't work on Vercel
- Improve Tavily search with multiple query variations
- Increase Tavily max_results from 5 to 10
- Add deduplication of rooms by price+roomType
- Add detailed logging for Tavily extraction
- Update documentation to explain Vercel limitations
- Clarify that Tavily is the recommended method for Vercel

Why Puppeteer doesn't work on Vercel:
1. No Chrome/Chromium available in serverless environment
2. 50MB bundle size limit
3. Cannot run browser processes
4. Limited execution time (10s hobby / 60s pro)
5. Even with Bright Data, WebSocket connections fail

The scraper now focuses on methods that work on Vercel:
- Tavily Search API (recommended) - improved with better queries
- Direct Booking.com API calls (fallback)
- HTML parsing (fallback)

README.md, after:

# hotelpricemonitormain3

*Automatically synced with your [v0.app](https://v0.app) deployments*

[![Deployed on Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/Deployed%20on-Vercel-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=vercel)](https://vercel.com/guyofiror/v0-hotelpricemonitormain3-yx)
[![Built with v0](https://img.shields.io/badge/Built%20with-v0.app-black?style=for-the-badge)](https://v0.app/chat/UurNYsnzDWP)

## Overview

This repository will stay in sync with your deployed chats on [v0.app](https://v0.app).
Any changes you make to your deployed app will be automatically pushed to this repository from [v0.app](https://v0.app).

## Deployment

Your project is live at:

**[https://vercel.com/guyofiror/v0-hotelpricemonitormain3-yx](https://vercel.com/guyofiror/v0-hotelpricemonitormain3-yx)**

## Build your app

Continue building your app on:

**[https://v0.app/chat/UurNYsnzDWP](https://v0.app/chat/UurNYsnzDWP)**

## How It Works

1. Create and modify your project using [v0.app](https://v0.app)
2. Deploy your chats from the v0 interface
3. Changes are automatically pushed to this repository
4. Vercel deploys the latest version from this repository

## Configuration

### Booking.com Scraper Setup

⚠️ **Important**: This project runs on Vercel Serverless Functions, which **cannot** run Puppeteer or browser automation tools.

#### Recommended Setup: Tavily API

The scraper uses **Tavily Search API** for reliable scraping that works on Vercel:

1. Get a Tavily API key from [Tavily.com](https://tavily.com)
2. Configure in Vercel **Environment Variables**:
   ```
   TAVILY_API_KEY=tvly-xxxxxxxxxx
   ```
3. Redeploy your project

#### Alternative Methods (Built-in)

The scraper also tries these methods automatically:
- Direct Booking.com API calls (may be blocked by CAPTCHA)
- HTML parsing of search results

#### Why Not Bright Data?

Bright Data and Puppeteer **do not work** on Vercel because:
- No Chrome/Chromium available
- 50MB bundle size limit
- Cannot run browser processes
- Limited execution time

See **[BRIGHT_DATA_SETUP.md](./BRIGHT_DATA_SETUP.md)** for more details about limitations.
